Enhance Kiali example (#210)
kyma-project/examples: kiali/README.md

1. Run the Helm upgrade command, which installs the chart if not present yet.
    ```bash

>     helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME} kiali/kiali-operator -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/values.yaml

Reviewer: Pardon me, I forgot that it works with or without the curly brackets when I added the comment. It must have been because of the other error I got that I just connected the wrong dots. 
But either way, without the brackets is the convention we use in Kyma documentation for environment variables, and we use the brackets for placeholders, so it's still good that you removed them. I just wanted to correct myself :)

    ```

You can either use the `[values.yaml](./values.yaml)` provided in this `kiali` folder, which contains customized settings deviating from the default settings, or create your own `values.yaml` file.

### Verify the installation

> You should see the `kiali-operator` and `kiali-server` Pod coming up in the Namespace. All Pods must eventually be in a "Running" state.

Author: The kiali-server pod should be created afterwards by the kiali-operator. It seems like the operator needs sometimes a moment.

> You should see the `kiali-operator` and `kiali-server` Pod coming up in the Namespace. All Pods must eventually be in a "Running" state.

Reviewer: Indeed, it was created after a while.

### Access Kiali

> To access Kiali, you can either use kubectl port-forwarding or expose it over the Kyma ingress gateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access Kiali, you can either use kubectl port forwarding, or expose it using the Kyma ingress gateway.
```

> * To access Kiali using port-forwarding run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To access Kiali using port forwarding, run:
```

  ```bash

>   kubectl -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} port-forward svc/kiali-server 20001

Reviewer: Pardon me, I forgot that it works with or without the curly brackets when I added the comment. It must have been because of the other error I got that I just connected the wrong dots. 
But either way, without the brackets is the convention we use in Kyma documentation for environment variables, and we use the brackets for placeholders, so it's still good that you removed them. I just wanted to correct myself :)

  ```

>   Open Kiali in your browser under [http://localhost:20001](http://localhost:20001).

Reviewer 3: Don't you need an ServiceAccount token to log in to the UI?

> * To expose Kiali over the Kyma ingress gateway, create an APIRule:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To expose Kiali using the Kyma ingress gateway, create an APIRule:
```

  ```bash
  kubectl -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml
  ```
  Get the public URL of your Kiali server:
  ```bash

>   kubectl -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} get virtualservices.networking.istio.io -ojsonpath='{.items[*].spec.hosts[*]}'

Reviewer 3: And the URL is not available in the APIRule which we applied before? Like to avoid that people need to know both resources if possible

>   kubectl -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml

Reviewer: Pardon me, I forgot that it works with or without the curly brackets when I added the comment. It must have been because of the other error I got that I just connected the wrong dots. 
But either way, without the brackets is the convention we use in Kyma documentation for environment variables, and we use the brackets for placeholders, so it's still good that you removed them. I just wanted to correct myself :)

>   ```

Author: I noticed that we could also find the VirtualService by its label:
```
 kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS get vs -l apirule.gateway.kyma-project.io/v1beta1=kiali.$KYMA_KIALI_NS -ojsonpath='{.items[*].spec.hosts[*]}'
```
What do you think?

> 1. Run the Helm upgrade command, which installs the chart if not present yet.
>     ```bash

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
Run the Helm upgrade command, which installs the chart if not present yet.
```bash
``````

There's only one step here, so the list is not needed + the last sentence in line 46 should be a part of it if anything.

Apply this together with the suggestion in the next comment.

>     helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS $HELM_RELEASE_NAME kiali/kiali-operator -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/values.yaml
>     ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS $HELM_RELEASE_NAME kiali/kiali-operator -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/values.yaml
```
``````

Apply this together with the suggestion in the previous comment.

You can either use the [`values.yaml`](./values.yaml) provided in this `kiali` folder, which contains customized settings deviating from the default settings, or create your own `values.yaml` file.

### Verify the installation

Check that the `kiali-operator` and `kiali-server` Pods have been created in the Namespace and are in the `Running` state:
```bash

> kubectl wait --for=condition=Ready pod $(kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS get pods --no-headers -o custom-columns=":metadata.name" | grep kiali) -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS rollout status deploy $HELM_RELEASE_NAME-kiali-operator && kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS rollout status deploy kiali-server
```

I forgot that if the `kiali-server` Pod has not been created yet, the condition would be met anyway, because it would only test for condition the existing Pods, so this command will not do...

You could go with expanding my suggestion to this: 
```bash
kubectl wait --for=condition=Ready pod $(kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS \
get pods --no-headers -o custom-columns=":metadata.name" | grep kiali-operator) -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS \
&& kubectl wait --for=condition=Ready pod $(kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS \
get pods --no-headers -o custom-columns=":metadata.name" | grep kiali-server) -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS
```
If `kiali-server` has not been created yet, this results in: 
```
pod/{HELM-RELEASE_NAME}-kiali-operator-6db8d4777f-bm9d8 condition met
error: resource(s) were provided, but no name was specified
```

It's jut not the prettiest... 

**But luckily, I learnt a cool new command in the meantime!** 

`kubectl rollout status deploy` - and it works!

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53601578/194089722-0ebb0eb4-8aa8-4e4e-aa7d-50ff5bac932b.png" width="300"> ... ⌛ ... <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53601578/194089789-a84f010a-0c8e-4d05-b7ae-26b19d063b95.png" width="300"> 

So I'm adding a new suggestion here 😊

For integration instructions, read [Kiali: Jaeger configuration](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/p8s-jaeger-grafana/jaeger/).

> To integrate with the Kyma tracing component run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To connect with the Kyma Tracing component, run:
```
Kyma components are [capitalized](https://kyma-project.io/community/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology#capitalization).

```bash
export JAEGER_URL=`kubectl -n kyma-system get virtualservices.networking.istio.io tracing -ojsonpath='{.spec.hosts[0]}'`
helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME} kiali/kiali-operator --set cr.spec.external_services.tracing.enabled=true --set cr.spec.external_services.tracing.url=https://${JAEGER_URL} --set cr.spec.external_services.tracing.in_cluster_url=http://tracing-jaeger-query.kyma-system:16686 --set cr.spec.external_services.tracing.use_grpc=false -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/values.yaml
```

> Ensure that access to the Jaeger query service from the Kiali pod is allowed by the active Istio Authorization Policies. For the Kyma tracing component, use the override values in [tracing-values.yaml](tracing-values.yaml) and adapt the namespace for the used principal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Access to the Jaeger query service from the Kiali Pod must be allowed by the active Istio Authorization Policies. 
For the Kyma Tracing component, use the override values in [tracing-values.yaml](tracing-values.yaml) and adapt the Namespace for the used principal.
```

Does this have to happen before or after connecting with previous bash command? If before, why do we write it afterwards?

Author: The order is not important

### Integrate Grafana

Kiali can provide links to Istio dashboards in Grafana.

For integration instructions, read [Kiali: Grafana configuration](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/p8s-jaeger-grafana/grafana/).

### Authentication

> Kiali supports different authentication strategies. The default authentication strategy uses a Kubernetes Service Account Token. If you use a kubeconfig file with a static token, you can use this token to authenticate. Depending on the chosen way to access Kiali, different authentication strategies might be suitable. To learn more about Kiali authentication strategies, read [Kiali: Authentication Strategies](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/authentication/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kiali supports different authentication strategies. The default authentication strategy uses a Kubernetes Service Account Token. If you use a kubeconfig file with a static token, you can use this token to authenticate. Depending on your preferred way to access Kiali, different authentication strategies might be suitable. To learn more about Kiali authentication strategies, read [Kiali: Authentication Strategies](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/authentication/).
```

> * For Kiali access by port-forwarding, no additional authentication is required and the [anonymous strategy](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/authentication/anonymous/) can be activated:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For Kiali access by port forwarding, you need no additional authentication, and you can activate the [anonymous strategy](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/authentication/anonymous/):
```

### Integrate Grafana

Kiali can provide links to Istio dashboards in Grafana.

For integration instructions, read [Kiali: Grafana configuration](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/p8s-jaeger-grafana/grafana/).

### Authentication

Kiali supports different authentication strategies. The default authentication strategy uses a Kubernetes Service Account Token. If you use a kubeconfig file with a static token, you can use this token to authenticate. Depending on your preferred way to access Kiali, different authentication strategies might be suitable. To learn more about Kiali authentication strategies, read [Kiali: Authentication Strategies](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/authentication/).

* For Kiali access by port forwarding, you need no additional authentication, and you can activate the [anonymous strategy](https://kiali.io/docs/configuration/authentication/anonymous/):
  ```bash

>   helm upgrade --install --create-namespace -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME} kiali/kiali-operator --set cr.spec.auth.strategy=anonymous -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/values.yaml

Reviewer: Pardon me, I forgot that it works with or without the curly brackets when I added the comment. It must have been because of the other error I got that I just connected the wrong dots. 
But either way, without the brackets is the convention we use in Kyma documentation for environment variables, and we use the brackets for placeholders, so it's still good that you removed them. I just wanted to correct myself :)

    ```bash
    helm delete -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME}

>     kubectl -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml

Reviewer: Pardon me, I forgot that it works with or without the curly brackets when I added the comment. It must have been because of the other error I got that I just connected the wrong dots. 
But either way, without the brackets is the convention we use in Kyma documentation for environment variables, and we use the brackets for placeholders, so it's still good that you removed them. I just wanted to correct myself :)

> 
>     ```bash
>     helm delete -n ${KYMA_KIALI_NS} ${HELM_RELEASE_NAME}
>     kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml
>     ```

Reviewer: ``````suggestion

```bash
helm delete -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS $HELM_RELEASE_NAME
kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml
```
``````
- This does not need to be a list element, as you have only one step here. Please remove the numbering and indentation. I cannot modify line 104. 
- You're using environment variables in the commands, which have already been exposed, so you must remove the curly braces from them, otherwise they won't behave as expected. 

For an alternative suggestion, see the comment below.

Reviewer: ❗ THIS IS AN ALTERNATIVE TO THE COMMENT ABOVE:

``````suggestion

    ```bash
    helm delete -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS $HELM_RELEASE_NAME
    kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml
    ```

2. (Optional) If you created the `$KYMA_KIALI_NS` Namespace specifically for this tutorial, remove the Namespace:
  ```bash
  kubectl delete namespace $KYMA_KIALI_NS
  ``` 
``````

Shouldn't we also remove the Namespace on cleanup? If it's only created for testing purposes.
Alternatively, you might want to leave it as step 1 and add an optional step 2 to remove the Namespace.

1. Remove the stack by calling Helm:

    ```bash
    helm delete -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS $HELM_RELEASE_NAME
    kubectl -n $KYMA_KIALI_NS delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/examples/main/kiali/apirule.yaml
    ```

2. (Optional) If you created the `$KYMA_KIALI_NS` Namespace specifically for this tutorial, remove the Namespace:

>   ```bash
>   kubectl delete namespace $KYMA_KIALI_NS
>   ``` 

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
    ```bash
    kubectl delete namespace $KYMA_KIALI_NS
    ``` 
``````

Ajajaj, it's a bit difficult to check when adding a suggestion, but it seems that I didn't make it a big enough indentation for it to actually take effect...

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53601578/194080812-62e1aebf-0406-4ebf-b961-d7d74b3fd835.png)   ➡️ ➡️ ➡️ ➡️    ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53601578/194080837-a5ef627e-50f2-48b5-a918-209d92bf0123.png)

This suggestion SHOULD fix it, but please check how the document is rendered after applying changes - it's a good practice :)
